
CHAPTER ONE.

THE BUTTERFLY'S BALL AND THE GRASSHOPPER'S FEAST.

  Come, take up your hats, and away let us haste
  To the Butterfly's ball and the Grasshopper's feast;
  For the trumpeter Gadfly has summoned his crew,
  And the revels are now only waiting for you.

  On the smooth-shaven grass by the side of the wood,
  Beneath a broad oak that for ages has stood,
  See the children of earth, and the tenants of air,
  For an evening's amusement together repair.

  And there came the Beetle, so blind, and so black,
  Who carried the Emmet, his friend, on his back;
  And there came the Gnat, and the Dragonfly too,
  And all their relations, green, orange, and blue.

  And there came the Moth, with her plumage of down,
  And the Hornet, with jacket of yellow and brown,
  Who with him the Wasp, his companion, did bring--
  They promised that evening to lay by their sting.

  Then the sly little Dormouse peeped out of his hole,
  And led to the feast his blind cousin the Mole;
  And the Snail, with her horns peeping out from her shell,
  Came fatigued with the distance, the length of an ell.

  A Mushroom the table, and on it was spread
  A Water-dock leaf, which their table-cloth made;
  The viands were various, to each of their taste,
  And the Bee brought the honey to sweeten the feast.

  With steps more majestic the Snail did advance,
  And he promised the gazers a minuet dance;
  But they all laughed so loudly, he pulled in his head,
  And went, in his own little chamber, to bed.

  Then, as evening gave way to the shadows of night,
  Their watchman, the Glow-worm, came out with his light.
  So home let us hasten, while yet we can see,
  For no watchman is waiting for you or for me.

The Butterfly's Ball--by RM Ballantyne



CHAPTER TWO.

THE BUTTERFLY'S BALL AND THE GRASSHOPPER'S FEAST.

  Come, take up your hats, and away let us haste
  To the Butterfly's ball and the Grasshopper's feast;
  For the trumpeter Gadfly has summoned his crew,
  And the revels are now only waiting for you.

  On the smooth-shaven grass by the side of the wood,
  Beneath a broad oak that for ages has stood,
  See the children of earth, and the tenants of air,
  For an evening's amusement together repair.

It was very early one delightful morning in summer, when the trumpeter
Gadfly sounded his horn, inviting all the insects in the forest to the
Butterfly's ball and the Grasshopper's feast.  The sun shone brightly,
the air was mild and soft, and the scent of the wild flowers delicious,
so that not one of the insects thought of staying at home.  Butterflies,
Beetles, Bees, Wasps, Snails, Grasshoppers, Ants, all put on their best
coats and frocks, all, put on their sweetest smiles, and all hurried
off, in little bands, to the ball, talking and laughing, and humming and
buzzing, by the way, as if they were the happiest creatures in the wide
world.  Even the old Beetle, that had been run over by a cart-wheel and
squeezed nearly to death, got out of bed when he heard what was going
on, and limped along with the rest, though he had been confined to the
house for six months before.  One or two Butterflies, that were never
known to go out except in the very finest weather,--and even then,
carefully wrapped up,--determined to venture.  They were long in making
up their minds about it.  One thought it looked a very little like rain;
another feared that the light breeze might give them a cold.  However,
they put on a great many cloaks, and went.

From all directions they came, and assembled on a smooth, grassy spot,
under an old oak-tree, where the revels were to take place.  Some
crawled slowly along the ground, some bounded quickly over hill and
dale, some came running and tumbling, jumping and hitting against things
in their haste; some came swiftly through the air, and alighted so
suddenly as to tumble head over heels; others flew quietly to the scene
and fluttered lightly about, admiring the gay company they were about to
join.

  And there came the Beetle, so blind, and so black,
  Who carried the Emmet, his friend, on his back;
  And there came the Gnat, and the Dragonfly too,
  And all their relations, green, orange, and blue.

The Black Beetle was the first to make his appearance.  He carried his
dear friend the Emmet on his back, and a sad journey they had of it, to
be sure!  Being very blind, the Beetle was constantly falling over
twigs, knocking his shins against the edges of leaves, and tumbling into
ditches, so that the poor Emmet had many terrible falls, and once the
great beetle fell on the top of him and crushed him a good deal.  But it
was very pleasant to see how cheerful they were under all this.  On
getting up after a fall, the beetle always laughed so boisterously that
the tears ran down his cheeks, and his black sides nearly cracked; while
the little Emmet said gaily, "Ah! my friend, accidents will happen! not
hurt, I hope?  Come, get along once more;" and then he jumped up on his
friend's back again, and away they went as merrily as ever.

A Gnat and a Dragonfly, with a great many of their relations, arrived
about the same time with the Beetle.  They looked quite charming in
their brilliant dresses, the colours of which were chiefly green,
orange, and blue.  A large Blue-bottle Fly, with a very light waistcoat,
and a hat stuck on one side of his head, said that the Dragonflies were
lovely, and that Miss Gnat was quite killing.  This was an odd thing to
say, but Mr Blue-bottle meant by it, that she was very beautiful.
Indeed, it was said that he fell in love with Miss Gnat, for he danced
with nobody else during the whole afternoon.



  And there came the Moth, with her plumage of down,
  And the Hornet, with jacket of yellow and brown,
  Who with him the Wasp, his companion, did bring--
  They promised that evening to lay by their sting.

The Moth was sound asleep when the Gadfly blew his trumpet.  She had sat
up too late the night before, and, owing to having indulged this bad
habit, had overslept herself the following morning.

However, she tried by her activity to make up for lost time; she saw the
other insects hurrying past her house in crowds, so she threw on her
clothes as fast as possible.  The Moth was prettily dressed in a soft
garment of down, and as she was a modest creature, every one loved her.
On leaving home, she observed the Wasp and the Hornet passing.  They
were dressed in rich suits of brown and yellow.  At sight of them she
was a little frightened, and endeavoured to run back to her house until
they should pass by; but they caught sight of her, and immediately gave
chase, screaming out loudly, "Oh! dear Mrs Moth, pray don't be alarmed.
We have laid by our stings for to-day, and won't hurt you."  They soon
caught her, although she ran as fast as she could.  So the Wasp and the
Hornet each offered her an arm, and obliged her to walk between them
while they danced along, shouting, and singing, and winking waggishly to
the friends they passed on the road.  The poor Moth blushed very much at
being seen by all her friends in the company of two such wild creatures.
A Caterpillar and a Long-legged Beetle, besides one or two other
insects that chanced to be near, laughed very heartily on seeing what
had happened.  But the Moth soon recovered her spirits; and when they
arrived at the oak-tree, she was walking along with a sprightly step,
first talking to the Hornet and then chatting to the Wasp, as if they
were her dearest friends.



  Then the sly little Dormouse peeped out of his hole,
  and led to the feast his blind cousin the Mole;
  And the Snail, with her horns peeping out from her shell,
  Came fatigued with the distance, the length of an ell.

"Come along, you lazy fellow," cried the little Dormouse, knocking with
his ivory-headed cane at the door of a mole-hill.

"Ay, ay, cousin," shouted the Mole, "I'll be there in a minute."

So the Dormouse stood impatiently tapping his boots till the Mole should
be ready.  The Dormouse was dressed in the height of fashion, and
thought himself a rather handsome fellow.  Some people said that he was
conceited, and indeed a Spider that was near at hand plainly told him
so; but, whether this was true or not, there is no doubt that he was a
very kind little fellow, because he came to lead his poor blind cousin
to the feast.

"What a time you have been, old boy," he said, as the Mole appeared,
dusting the earth off his coat and white hat.

The Mole answered that he had been very busy all morning making a new
tunnel between his bed-room and drawing-room.  He then took his friend's
arm, and away they went over the green meadows, where the cowslips and
buttercups grew, making the grass look as if it were dotted all over
with gold.  Sometimes the two friends stopped by the way to rest under a
buttercup, and sip a little morning dew; but seeing every one hastening
past them, while they wasted their time, the Dormouse jumped up again,
and cast a sly look at his blind friend as he asked him what he thought
of the fine view.

"Don't make jokes about my being blind," said the Mole, pretending to be
angry.

Just at that moment they both ran into a Spider's web.

"Oh! how stupid of me," cried the Dormouse; "I wasn't looking before me
at the time."

"You might as well be without eyes, if you don't use them," said the
Mole, as they cleared away the threads of the net, and, making a low bow
to the Spider, went on their way.

Now, all this time the Snail had been slowly creeping over the stones
and winding round the blades of grass and flowers that strewed her path
to the place of meeting.  But she was so long of getting there that the
guests began to be impatient, and said that perhaps she was not coming
at all.  She lived under the next tree, and had only about four feet to
walk, but she was so very slow that she took a long, long time to it;
and at last the Grasshopper whispered to the Butterfly that she should
go and meet her.  Away went the Butterfly on her gaudy wings, and,
alighting by the Snail's side, began to urge her to make haste.  During
the Butterfly's absence, the Wasp, who was always making spiteful
remarks, said that it was shameful in the Snail to keep them waiting;
but the Humble-bee, who was walking up and down conversing with a Midge,
turned round and said, "Remember, you Wasp, that you have not brought
your sting with you to-day, so pray do not give way to your spiteful
nature.  The poor Snail has to carry her house on her back, so we should
not be angry at her slowness."  Some of the other insects said that this
was no excuse for the Snail, because she knew that she walked very
slowly, and should therefore have set out sooner.

"Come, come," cried a young Frog, jumping forward, "no fighting to-day,
ladies and gentlemen.  We have come here to be happy; and here comes the
Snail at last."

As he spoke, the Butterfly flew towards them, and the Snail crawled in,
took off her bonnet, put on her spectacles, and sat down; while the
waiters bustled about, placed stools for the guests, and brought in the
repast.

  A Mushroom the table, and on it was spread
  A Water-dock leaf, which their table-cloth made;
  The viands were various, to each of their taste,
  And the Bee brought the honey to sweeten the feast.

It was, perhaps, the strangest dinner-party that ever was seen.  There
were such a multitude of odd creatures, of all shapes and sizes and
colours; some of whom were by nature bitter enemies, and would have
fought and killed each other had they met in the woods while taking a
walk, but were quite civil and polite to one another, now that they met
as guests in Mrs Butterfly's bower.  Indeed, many of them wished that
they could be such good friends at all times as they were then.

All the party had now arrived, and there was a great deal of talking,
and buzzing, and humming, and jesting, as they sat round the table and
feasted on the good things placed before them.  The table was a
mushroom, covered with a table-cloth of water-dock leaf, and on it were
placed all the delicious dishes of the woods.  The Dormouse brought a
good deal of wheat, oats, and barley.  The Squirrel brought a bagful of
nuts.  The Humble-bee brought a quantity of fine honey in the comb,
which was declared to be most excellent.  In short, every one brought
something or other; so that, when all was spread out beside the good
things supplied by Mrs Butterfly and Mr Grasshopper, it seemed the
grandest feast that ever was heard of.  Such fun there was, to be sure!
And such a multitude of voices talking all at once.

"My dear," cried the Butterfly across the table to the Grasshopper, "I
hope you are attending to your friends there.  See that you give them
enough to eat, and plenty of mountain-dew to drink."

"Yes, yes, my love," replied the Grasshopper as well as he could for
laughing at the jokes of a bloated old Spider that sat beside him.  Then
the Grasshopper called to the Butterfly to send him a slice of wheat;
but, as the noise prevented his being heard, he jumped over the table at
one bound, helped himself, and bounded back again.  Two or three young
Crickets and five or six Midges sat at a little side mushroom.  They
made more noise than all the grownup people put together; and the lady
Butterfly looked round at them with a smile once or twice, quite
delighted to see them so happy, and to hear their merry voices ringing
through the woods.



  With steps more majestic the Snail did advance,
  And he promised the gazers a minuet dance;
  But they all laughed so loudly, he pulled in his head,
  And went, in his own little chamber, to bed.

After dinner the ball began, and it was the strangest ball that ever was
seen.  The trumpeter Gadfly and a number of his relations, besides
several Grasshoppers and Bees, were the chief musicians.  They wanted a
bass very much at first, but the Bull-frog offered his services,
although he confessed that he was accustomed to sing alone.  Then the
gentlemen drew on their gloves, flattened their wings, pulled up their
collars, and coiled away their tails; while the ladies tightened their
garters, ruffled their feathers, and put out their feelers.  Oh how they
did dance! reels were nothing to it.  The greatest difficulty was to
keep the Grasshoppers in order.  They became so excited that they sprang
quite out of sight every moment, and so lost their partners, and ran
against everybody in searching for them.  Then the Bull-frog, who sang
bass, got a little too much of the dew, and sang so loudly, that he
quite drowned all the other players.  So Mrs Butterfly put her claws in
her ears, and running up to him, said, "Oh! dear Mr Bull-frog, pray do
not sing quite so loudly."  The poor Bull-frog was almost weeping with
joy at the merry scene before him, but he blushed very green on hearing
this, and said he had forgotten what he was doing, but would try to be
more careful.  However, in five minutes more he was worse than ever, so
they sent a few hundred bees to sing treble beside him, and try to keep
him in order.  In the middle of all this there was a sudden stop, and a
Snail, stepping forward, offered to dance a minuet.  This was received
with such a roar of laughter that the poor snail, half frightened, half
angry, drew in his horns and went to bed on the spot, and the dance was
begun anew.  By this time the Gnats and Midges, and some of the other
flies, had left the ground and retired to enjoy a cool dance in the air.
Two or three Spiders mounted up into the oak, and fastened threads to
some of the branches, by which they dropped suddenly down among the
dancers, and, seizing their partners round the waist, carried them
screaming in among the leaves.  So the fun and the noise became louder
and louder.  On the ground, under the bushes, among the branches of the
trees, and in the air, the dancers bounded, skipped, laughed, sang,
shouted, and flew in a way that had never been seen or heard of before.
The merry old Bull-frog became quite absurd.  He sang and roared like a
lion; took up all the young insects in his arms and hugged them; tumbled
over the other musicians, and, in short, did so many wild things that
they were at length obliged to tie him to a paddock-stool, where they
left him to enjoy himself.



  Then, as evening gave way to the shadows of night,
  Their watchman, the Glow-worm, came out with his light;
  So home let us hasten, while yet we can see,
  For no watchman is waiting for you or for me.

The sun went down at last, but still the dancers continued their sport
under the old oak-tree, when suddenly a clear, beautiful light streamed
across the turf.  It was the Glow-worm's light.

"How charming!" exclaimed the Butterfly.  "It is such a sweet, subdued
light."

"Rather too much subdued," growled the blundering Black Beetle, as he
tripped over a twig and pulled his partner, a humble-bee, down with him;
"couldn't you shine a little brighter--eh?"

The Glow-worm shook his head.  "Couldn't give you another ray to save my
life," he said; "but if you send for a few of my friends, they will be
happy to come and help me, no doubt."

"A good suggestion," said the Black Beetle, assisting his partner to
rise.

"Oh, my poor frock," cried the Humble-bee, gazing sadly at a long rent
in the skirt.

"Never mind, let's have at it again," cried the Beetle, seizing her
round the waist, and blundering on again in a furious gallop of his own
invention.

"Whom shall I send for the Glow-worm's relations?" muttered the
Butterfly to herself.

"Send the Snail," said a lively young Cricket, who had devoted himself
to doing mischief during the whole evening.

"Peace, little goose," replied the Butterfly, tapping the Cricket on the
nose with her fan, and hastening towards the Grasshopper, who was still
enthralled and convulsed by the bloated old Spider.

"Whom should we send, my dear!" said the Grasshopper, in reply to the
Butterfly's question; "the Fly footman, to be sure; and pray tell him to
be smart about it, for I've been run down half-a-dozen times already by
the dancers since the sun set.  One lamp is too little for our
ball-room.  That blind Mole has run--ha! there he comes again.  Look
out!"

As he spoke, the Mole came bearing down towards them in a furious
Portuguese waltz, with a horrified Dragonfly struggling in his arms.

The Grasshopper made a bound to get out of the way, but at that moment
the lively young Cricket laid hold of his leg and held him fast.  The
consequence was that the Mole tumbled over him, fell on the top of the
bloated Spider, and hit his head so violently on the breast of the
Bull-frog that he stopped his noise immediately.

This sudden stoppage of the bass brought the other musicians to a stand,
and as a matter of course stopped the dancing abruptly--with the
exception of a deaf Squirrel, who had failed to find a partner, and who
went on revolving slowly by himself as if nothing had happened.

"Dear me," exclaimed everybody (except the Squirrel), "what has
happened?"

"Oh, nothing worth mentioning," said the Grasshopper, getting up with a
limp.  "You young rascal, what--why--there, take _that_."

"Oh!" sobbed the young Cricket, pointing with a look of surprise at the
Spider; "what a sight!"

He might well say so, for the bloated old Spider had been flattened out
by the weight of the Mole to nearly twice her size, and was apparently
quite dead.  In great concern, the host and hostess ran to raise her.

"Are you hurt, dear?" asked the Butterfly, anxiously.

"Hurt!" exclaimed the Grasshopper, pushing her aside; "don't you see
she's burst!"

"Oh me!  I'm _so_ sorry," exclaimed the Mole, wringing his fore-paws.

At that moment there was a shout of eager expectation, for the Spider
was seen to move.  The Butterfly knelt at her side, and bending down,
said tenderly--

"Tell me, dear, _has_ he burst you?"

"N-no, n-not--qu-quite," answered the Spider faintly; "I'm only
f-flattened.  Let some of you sq-squeeze m-my sides."

Immediately a dozen of the young Crickets surrounded the old lady, and
pressed her sides with all their might.  This had the effect of raising
her back a little, and enabling her to draw a good long breath, which
speedily raised her up to her original size.

"There, I'm all right now," she said in a cheerful voice; "I'm used to
accidents of that sort, and they never leave any bad effects beyond a
little stiffness of the lungs.  Come, Grasshopper, I'll finish that
story.  Get on with your dancing, good people."

"Nobody inquires after _me_," croaked the Bull-frog, rubbing his chest.
"I had no idea a Mole's head was so hard."

"Have some mountain-dew," said the Butterfly, gracefully handing him a
blue-bell filled with the precious liquid.  "It has been gathered on the
Scottish hills by a native Bee, who has just arrived laden with
heather-honey."

The Bull-frog accepted the goblet, and drained it to the bottom.

"It is strong," he said, coughing and smacking his lips.

"Oo ay," observed the Scotch Bee; "it's got the credit o' bein' a wee
thing nippy."

Under the influence of the dew the Bull-frog began to sing bass lustily.
The other musicians chimed in.  The dancers seized each other by waist
and hand--or by tail and wing those that happened to have no waists or
hands--and the ball was about to go on, when the Grasshopper shouted--

"Stop!"

"Your money or your life!" added the lively young Cricket.

"Silence, pert monkey!--Let us wait a few moments, my friends, for here
come our lamps."

As she spoke, a soft light was seen in the far distance gleaming upon
the stems of the trees and steadily advancing.

"Your relations, Mr Glow-worm, I presume," said the Butterfly in a
sweet silvery voice.  "It is so _very_ kind of you to send for them, and
_so_ obliging in them to come.  Really I cannot find words to express my
gratitude."

The countenance of the Glow-worm lighted up with pleasure at these
words.

As the new-comers drew near, they appeared like a great galaxy of minute
stars--as if a mass of the Milky-way had been cut off and hurled down to
earth.  There were several hundreds of them.  As they approached, the
whole forest lighted up; and when at last they descended upon the scene
of the ball, and ranged themselves in a circle round the gay party, it
seemed as if the sun himself had risen again to give them light--only
the radiance was softer and more mysteriously tender than that of the
sun!

Strong light has always an enlivening effect on creatures, whether human
or otherwise.  It cheered up the guests of Mrs Butterfly so much that
they gave vent to an irresistible cheer; called for the music; and went
on to dancing with more zest and energy than ever, insomuch that the
attendant Glow-worms smiled to each other and nodded their heads.

Now it happened that every time the Glow-worms smiled their light
increased.  The lively young Cricket observed this, and began to wonder
whether their light would increase still more if they were to laugh.

"I'll try to find out," said he, going up to a small Glow-worm--
apparently a young one--and requesting her to step aside with him for a
moment.

The little Glow-worm immediately became grave--in other words, dim--and
went with him a little way into the woods.

"Now," said the lively young Cricket, stopping, "can you laugh?"

"What?" said the little Glow-worm smiling, and, of course, lighting up.

"Yes, that's it, smile away; but do it harder.  I want you to laugh
outright.  Can't you _laugh_?"

"Oh yes, when there is anything to laugh at."

"Well, do it now."

"But I can't, please."

"No; then I'll make you."

So saying, the young Cricket seized the little Glow-worm round the waist
and tickled her.

Of course she laughed at first, and, to the Cricket's delight, her face
became wonderfully bright for a moment; but suddenly it became dim, for
he hurt her, and she began to cry.

"You rascal!" exclaimed an angry voice, as the Grasshopper gave the
Cricket a kick that sent him head over heels into the grass; "I felt
sure you were after mischief, and I was right."

"Oh, _please_, don't kick him," pleaded the little Glow-worm.  "He
didn't mean to hurt me."

"No matter.  Get up, sir, and beg her pardon."

The young Cricket got up at once and did what he was bid, for he really
did not mean mischief, and was sorry he had hurt her; and little Miss
Glow-worm rewarded him with a smile so radiant that it illuminated the
spot where they stood quite brilliantly, and sparkled through her tears
with rainbow hues.

"Now I would laugh to please you if I could," said Miss Glow-worm, again
smiling.

"Oh, never mind, my dear.  I'll make you and all your kindred laugh
before the ball is over," said the lively young Cricket, hurrying away,
and going straight up to the Scotch Bee, who was clad in a tartan plaid
and kilt.

"Bee," said the Cricket, "can you dance the Highland Fling?"

"Ay, she can do that."

"I could show you a better fling than the Highland one," said the
Cricket.

"Ho! could ye? ye must be verra cliver.  Wull ye let her see't?"

"Yes, if you'll dance the Highland fling first?  Will you do it if Mrs
Butterfly asks you?"

The Scotch Bee good-naturedly agreed.  Of course, the Cricket had no
difficulty in persuading the hostess to ask him.  The musicians could
not play a reel; but this mattered not, for the Bee could hum to
himself.  Great was the delight and surprise of the company when they
beheld the Scotch Bee twirling his legs, snapping his fingers, and
humming the reel of Tulloch, while the tartans fluttered round him like
shreds of a shattered rainbow.

The dance waxed more and more furious, and the plaudits of the company
grew louder, when, suddenly, the lively young Cricket ran in between the
Bee's legs, tripped him up, and sent him sprawling on the grass.  A wild
shout of laughter burst from the company--Glow-worms included--and the
ball-room brightened up for a few moments as if it had been set on fire!

"That's the fling I spoke of," cried the Cricket, leaping up and running
away.

The Scotch Bee sprang up, drew his dirk, and gave chase, but Mr
Grasshopper caught him by the arm and dragged him off.

"Ho! friends--supper--supper!  This way.  Don't sheathe your dirk.  I
have a haggis ready for you to sheathe it in.  Come along; give your arm
to that bloated old Spider there.  She'll keep you in spirits."

The Bee was mollified.  He gave his arm to the Spider; then all the
company went off to sup in a neighbouring glade.  Shall we describe the
supper?  We think not.  It was beyond description delightful.  Just as
it was finished the moon rose from behind a cloud, so the company knew
that it was time to go home.

Before going away, they all assembled at the foot of the oak, and shook
claws with Lady Butterfly and Mr Grasshopper, saying that they were
charmed with the delightful evening they had spent, and that they hoped
to be soon invited again.

In a few minutes they were all gone.  The sounds of their laughing
voices, as they returned home, died gradually away, and the shadows of
night spread over the quiet forest and the happy little creatures that
slumbered there.










































2

Black Dog Appears and Disappears


IT was not very long after this that there occurred the first of the
mysterious events that rid us at last of the captain, though not, as you
will see, of his affairs. It was a bitter cold winter, with long, hard
frosts and heavy gales; and it was plain from the first that my poor
father was little likely to see the spring. He sank daily, and my mother
and I had all the inn upon our hands, and were kept busy enough without
paying much regard to our unpleasant guest.

It was one January morning, very early--a pinching, frosty morning--the
cove all grey with hoar-frost, the ripple lapping softly on the stones,
the sun still low and only touching the hilltops and shining far to
seaward. The captain had risen earlier than usual and set out down the
beach, his cutlass swinging under the broad skirts of the old blue coat,
his brass telescope under his arm, his hat tilted back upon his head. I
remember his breath hanging like smoke in his wake as he strode off, and
the last sound I heard of him as he turned the big rock was a loud snort
of indignation, as though his mind was still running upon Dr. Livesey.

Well, mother was upstairs with father and I was laying the
breakfast-table against the captain's return when the parlour door
opened and a man stepped in on whom I had never set my eyes before. He
was a pale, tallowy creature, wanting two fingers of the left hand, and
though he wore a cutlass, he did not look much like a fighter. I
had always my eye open for seafaring men, with one leg or two, and I
remember this one puzzled me. He was not sailorly, and yet he had a
smack of the sea about him too.

I asked him what was for his service, and he said he would take rum; but
as I was going out of the room to fetch it, he sat down upon a table
and motioned me to draw near. I paused where I was, with my napkin in my
hand.

"Come here, sonny," says he. "Come nearer here."

I took a step nearer.

"Is this here table for my mate Bill?" he asked with a kind of leer.

I told him I did not know his mate Bill, and this was for a person who
stayed in our house whom we called the captain.

"Well," said he, "my mate Bill would be called the captain, as like
as not. He has a cut on one cheek and a mighty pleasant way with him,
particularly in drink, has my mate Bill. We'll put it, for argument
like, that your captain has a cut on one cheek--and we'll put it, if you
like, that that cheek's the right one. Ah, well! I told you. Now, is my
mate Bill in this here house?"

I told him he was out walking.

"Which way, sonny? Which way is he gone?"

And when I had pointed out the rock and told him how the captain was
likely to return, and how soon, and answered a few other questions,
"Ah," said he, "this'll be as good as drink to my mate Bill."

The expression of his face as he said these words was not at all
pleasant, and I had my own reasons for thinking that the stranger was
mistaken, even supposing he meant what he said. But it was no affair of
mine, I thought; and besides, it was difficult to know what to do. The
stranger kept hanging about just inside the inn door, peering round the
corner like a cat waiting for a mouse. Once I stepped out myself into
the road, but he immediately called me back, and as I did not obey quick
enough for his fancy, a most horrible change came over his tallowy face,
and he ordered me in with an oath that made me jump. As soon as I
was back again he returned to his former manner, half fawning, half
sneering, patted me on the shoulder, told me I was a good boy and he had
taken quite a fancy to me. "I have a son of my own," said he, "as like
you as two blocks, and he's all the pride of my 'art. But the great
thing for boys is discipline, sonny--discipline. Now, if you had sailed
along of Bill, you wouldn't have stood there to be spoke to twice--not
you. That was never Bill's way, nor the way of sich as sailed with him.
And here, sure enough, is my mate Bill, with a spy-glass under his arm,
bless his old 'art, to be sure. You and me'll just go back into the
parlour, sonny, and get behind the door, and we'll give Bill a little
surprise--bless his 'art, I say again."

So saying, the stranger backed along with me into the parlour and put me
behind him in the corner so that we were both hidden by the open door. I
was very uneasy and alarmed, as you may fancy, and it rather added to my
fears to observe that the stranger was certainly frightened himself. He
cleared the hilt of his cutlass and loosened the blade in the sheath;
and all the time we were waiting there he kept swallowing as if he felt
what we used to call a lump in the throat.

At last in strode the captain, slammed the door behind him, without
looking to the right or left, and marched straight across the room to
where his breakfast awaited him.

"Bill," said the stranger in a voice that I thought he had tried to make
bold and big.

The captain spun round on his heel and fronted us; all the brown had
gone out of his face, and even his nose was blue; he had the look of a
man who sees a ghost, or the evil one, or something worse, if anything
can be; and upon my word, I felt sorry to see him all in a moment turn
so old and sick.

"Come, Bill, you know me; you know an old shipmate, Bill, surely," said
the stranger.

The captain made a sort of gasp.

"Black Dog!" said he.

"And who else?" returned the other, getting more at his ease. "Black
Dog as ever was, come for to see his old shipmate Billy, at the Admiral
Benbow inn. Ah, Bill, Bill, we have seen a sight of times, us two, since
I lost them two talons," holding up his mutilated hand.

"Now, look here," said the captain; "you've run me down; here I am;
well, then, speak up; what is it?"

"That's you, Bill," returned Black Dog, "you're in the right of it,
Billy. I'll have a glass of rum from this dear child here, as I've took
such a liking to; and we'll sit down, if you please, and talk square,
like old shipmates."

When I returned with the rum, they were already seated on either side
of the captain's breakfast-table--Black Dog next to the door and
sitting sideways so as to have one eye on his old shipmate and one, as I
thought, on his retreat.

He bade me go and leave the door wide open. "None of your keyholes for
me, sonny," he said; and I left them together and retired into the bar.

For a long time, though I certainly did my best to listen, I could hear
nothing but a low gattling; but at last the voices began to grow higher,
and I could pick up a word or two, mostly oaths, from the captain.

"No, no, no, no; and an end of it!" he cried once. And again, "If it
comes to swinging, swing all, say I."

Then all of a sudden there was a tremendous explosion of oaths and
other noises--the chair and table went over in a lump, a clash of steel
followed, and then a cry of pain, and the next instant I saw Black
Dog in full flight, and the captain hotly pursuing, both with drawn
cutlasses, and the former streaming blood from the left shoulder. Just
at the door the captain aimed at the fugitive one last tremendous
cut, which would certainly have split him to the chine had it not been
intercepted by our big signboard of Admiral Benbow. You may see the
notch on the lower side of the frame to this day.

That blow was the last of the battle. Once out upon the road, Black
Dog, in spite of his wound, showed a wonderful clean pair of heels and
disappeared over the edge of the hill in half a minute. The captain, for
his part, stood staring at the signboard like a bewildered man. Then he
passed his hand over his eyes several times and at last turned back into
the house.

"Jim," says he, "rum"; and as he spoke, he reeled a little, and caught
himself with one hand against the wall.

"Are you hurt?" cried I.

"Rum," he repeated. "I must get away from here. Rum! Rum!"

I ran to fetch it, but I was quite unsteadied by all that had fallen
out, and I broke one glass and fouled the tap, and while I was still
getting in my own way, I heard a loud fall in the parlour, and running
in, beheld the captain lying full length upon the floor. At the same
instant my mother, alarmed by the cries and fighting, came running
downstairs to help me. Between us we raised his head. He was breathing
very loud and hard, but his eyes were closed and his face a horrible
colour.

"Dear, deary me," cried my mother, "what a disgrace upon the house! And
your poor father sick!"

In the meantime, we had no idea what to do to help the captain, nor any
other thought but that he had got his death-hurt in the scuffle with
the stranger. I got the rum, to be sure, and tried to put it down his
throat, but his teeth were tightly shut and his jaws as strong as iron.
It was a happy relief for us when the door opened and Doctor Livesey
came in, on his visit to my father.

"Oh, doctor," we cried, "what shall we do? Where is he wounded?"

"Wounded? A fiddle-stick's end!" said the doctor. "No more wounded than
you or I. The man has had a stroke, as I warned him. Now, Mrs. Hawkins,
just you run upstairs to your husband and tell him, if possible, nothing
about it. For my part, I must do my best to save this fellow's trebly
worthless life; Jim, you get me a basin."

When I got back with the basin, the doctor had already ripped up the
captain's sleeve and exposed his great sinewy arm. It was tattooed
in several places. "Here's luck," "A fair wind," and "Billy Bones his
fancy," were very neatly and clearly executed on the forearm; and up
near the shoulder there was a sketch of a gallows and a man hanging from
it--done, as I thought, with great spirit.

"Prophetic," said the doctor, touching this picture with his finger.
"And now, Master Billy Bones, if that be your name, we'll have a look at
the colour of your blood. Jim," he said, "are you afraid of blood?"

"No, sir," said I.

"Well, then," said he, "you hold the basin"; and with that he took his
lancet and opened a vein.

A great deal of blood was taken before the captain opened his eyes
and looked mistily about him. First he recognized the doctor with
an unmistakable frown; then his glance fell upon me, and he looked
relieved. But suddenly his colour changed, and he tried to raise
himself, crying, "Where's Black Dog?"

"There is no Black Dog here," said the doctor, "except what you have
on your own back. You have been drinking rum; you have had a stroke,
precisely as I told you; and I have just, very much against my own will,
dragged you headforemost out of the grave. Now, Mr. Bones--"

"That's not my name," he interrupted.

"Much I care," returned the doctor. "It's the name of a buccaneer of my
acquaintance; and I call you by it for the sake of shortness, and what I
have to say to you is this; one glass of rum won't kill you, but if
you take one you'll take another and another, and I stake my wig if you
don't break off short, you'll die--do you understand that?--die, and go
to your own place, like the man in the Bible. Come, now, make an effort.
I'll help you to your bed for once."

Between us, with much trouble, we managed to hoist him upstairs, and
laid him on his bed, where his head fell back on the pillow as if he
were almost fainting.

"Now, mind you," said the doctor, "I clear my conscience--the name of
rum for you is death."

And with that he went off to see my father, taking me with him by the
arm.

"This is nothing," he said as soon as he had closed the door. "I have
drawn blood enough to keep him quiet awhile; he should lie for a week
where he is--that is the best thing for him and you; but another stroke
would settle him."




3

The Black Spot

ABOUT noon I stopped at the captain's door with some cooling drinks
and medicines. He was lying very much as we had left him, only a little
higher, and he seemed both weak and excited.

"Jim," he said, "you're the only one here that's worth anything, and you
know I've been always good to you. Never a month but I've given you a
silver fourpenny for yourself. And now you see, mate, I'm pretty low,
and deserted by all; and Jim, you'll bring me one noggin of rum, now,
won't you, matey?"

"The doctor--" I began.

But he broke in cursing the doctor, in a feeble voice but heartily.
"Doctors is all swabs," he said; "and that doctor there, why, what do
he know about seafaring men? I been in places hot as pitch, and mates
dropping round with Yellow Jack, and the blessed land a-heaving like the
sea with earthquakes--what to the doctor know of lands like that?--and I
lived on rum, I tell you. It's been meat and drink, and man and wife,
to me; and if I'm not to have my rum now I'm a poor old hulk on a lee
shore, my blood'll be on you, Jim, and that doctor swab"; and he ran on
again for a while with curses. "Look, Jim, how my fingers fidges,"
he continued in the pleading tone. "I can't keep 'em still, not I. I
haven't had a drop this blessed day. That doctor's a fool, I tell you.
If I don't have a drain o' rum, Jim, I'll have the horrors; I seen some
on 'em already. I seen old Flint in the corner there, behind you; as
plain as print, I seen him; and if I get the horrors, I'm a man that
has lived rough, and I'll raise Cain. Your doctor hisself said one glass
wouldn't hurt me. I'll give you a golden guinea for a noggin, Jim."

He was growing more and more excited, and this alarmed me for my father,
who was very low that day and needed quiet; besides, I was reassured by
the doctor's words, now quoted to me, and rather offended by the offer
of a bribe.

"I want none of your money," said I, "but what you owe my father. I'll
get you one glass, and no more."

When I brought it to him, he seized it greedily and drank it out.

"Aye, aye," said he, "that's some better, sure enough. And now, matey,
did that doctor say how long I was to lie here in this old berth?"

"A week at least," said I.

"Thunder!" he cried. "A week! I can't do that; they'd have the black
spot on me by then. The lubbers is going about to get the wind of me
this blessed moment; lubbers as couldn't keep what they got, and want to
nail what is another's. Is that seamanly behaviour, now, I want to know?
But I'm a saving soul. I never wasted good money of mine, nor lost it
neither; and I'll trick 'em again. I'm not afraid on 'em. I'll shake out
another reef, matey, and daddle 'em again."

As he was thus speaking, he had risen from bed with great difficulty,
holding to my shoulder with a grip that almost made me cry out, and
moving his legs like so much dead weight. His words, spirited as they
were in meaning, contrasted sadly with the weakness of the voice in
which they were uttered. He paused when he had got into a sitting
position on the edge.

"That doctor's done me," he murmured. "My ears is singing. Lay me back."

Before I could do much to help him he had fallen back again to his
former place, where he lay for a while silent.

"Jim," he said at length, "you saw that seafaring man today?"

"Black Dog?" I asked.

"Ah! Black Dog," says he. "HE'S a bad un; but there's worse that put him
on. Now, if I can't get away nohow, and they tip me the black spot, mind
you, it's my old sea-chest they're after; you get on a horse--you can,
can't you? Well, then, you get on a horse, and go to--well, yes,
I will!--to that eternal doctor swab, and tell him to pipe all
hands--magistrates and sich--and he'll lay 'em aboard at the Admiral
Benbow--all old Flint's crew, man and boy, all on 'em that's left. I was
first mate, I was, old Flint's first mate, and I'm the on'y one as knows
the place. He gave it me at Savannah, when he lay a-dying, like as if I
was to now, you see. But you won't peach unless they get the black spot
on me, or unless you see that Black Dog again or a seafaring man with
one leg, Jim--him above all."

"But what is the black spot, captain?" I asked.

"That's a summons, mate. I'll tell you if they get that. But you keep
your weather-eye open, Jim, and I'll share with you equals, upon my
honour."

He wandered a little longer, his voice growing weaker; but soon after I
had given him his medicine, which he took like a child, with the remark,
"If ever a seaman wanted drugs, it's me," he fell at last into a heavy,
swoon-like sleep, in which I left him. What I should have done had all
gone well I do not know. Probably I should have told the whole story to
the doctor, for I was in mortal fear lest the captain should repent of
his confessions and make an end of me. But as things fell out, my poor
father died quite suddenly that evening, which put all other matters
on one side. Our natural distress, the visits of the neighbours, the
arranging of the funeral, and all the work of the inn to be carried on
in the meanwhile kept me so busy that I had scarcely time to think of
the captain, far less to be afraid of him.

He got downstairs next morning, to be sure, and had his meals as usual,
though he ate little and had more, I am afraid, than his usual supply of
rum, for he helped himself out of the bar, scowling and blowing through
his nose, and no one dared to cross him. On the night before the funeral
he was as drunk as ever; and it was shocking, in that house of mourning,
to hear him singing away at his ugly old sea-song; but weak as he was,
we were all in the fear of death for him, and the doctor was suddenly
taken up with a case many miles away and was never near the house after
my father's death. I have said the captain was weak, and indeed he
seemed rather to grow weaker than regain his strength. He clambered up
and down stairs, and went from the parlour to the bar and back again,
and sometimes put his nose out of doors to smell the sea, holding on to
the walls as he went for support and breathing hard and fast like a man
on a steep mountain. He never particularly addressed me, and it is my
belief he had as good as forgotten his confidences; but his temper was
more flighty, and allowing for his bodily weakness, more violent than
ever. He had an alarming way now when he was drunk of drawing his
cutlass and laying it bare before him on the table. But with all that,
he minded people less and seemed shut up in his own thoughts and rather
wandering. Once, for instance, to our extreme wonder, he piped up to a
different air, a kind of country love-song that he must have learned in
his youth before he had begun to follow the sea.

So things passed until, the day after the funeral, and about three
o'clock of a bitter, foggy, frosty afternoon, I was standing at the door
for a moment, full of sad thoughts about my father, when I saw someone
drawing slowly near along the road. He was plainly blind, for he tapped
before him with a stick and wore a great green shade over his eyes and
nose; and he was hunched, as if with age or weakness, and wore a huge
old tattered sea-cloak with a hood that made him appear positively
deformed. I never saw in my life a more dreadful-looking figure.
He stopped a little from the inn, and raising his voice in an odd
sing-song, addressed the air in front of him, "Will any kind friend
inform a poor blind man, who has lost the precious sight of his eyes in
the gracious defence of his native country, England--and God bless King
George!--where or in what part of this country he may now be?"

"You are at the Admiral Benbow, Black Hill Cove, my good man," said I.

"I hear a voice," said he, "a young voice. Will you give me your hand,
my kind young friend, and lead me in?"

I held out my hand, and the horrible, soft-spoken, eyeless creature
gripped it in a moment like a vise. I was so much startled that I
struggled to withdraw, but the blind man pulled me close up to him with
a single action of his arm.

"Now, boy," he said, "take me in to the captain."

"Sir," said I, "upon my word I dare not."

"Oh," he sneered, "that's it! Take me in straight or I'll break your
arm."

And he gave it, as he spoke, a wrench that made me cry out.

"Sir," said I, "it is for yourself I mean. The captain is not what he
used to be. He sits with a drawn cutlass. Another gentleman--"

"Come, now, march," interrupted he; and I never heard a voice so cruel,
and cold, and ugly as that blind man's. It cowed me more than the pain,
and I began to obey him at once, walking straight in at the door and
towards the parlour, where our sick old buccaneer was sitting, dazed
with rum. The blind man clung close to me, holding me in one iron fist
and leaning almost more of his weight on me than I could carry. "Lead me
straight up to him, and when I'm in view, cry out, 'Here's a friend
for you, Bill.' If you don't, I'll do this," and with that he gave me a
twitch that I thought would have made me faint. Between this and that, I
was so utterly terrified of the blind beggar that I forgot my terror of
the captain, and as I opened the parlour door, cried out the words he
had ordered in a trembling voice.

The poor captain raised his eyes, and at one look the rum went out of
him and left him staring sober. The expression of his face was not so
much of terror as of mortal sickness. He made a movement to rise, but I
do not believe he had enough force left in his body.

"Now, Bill, sit where you are," said the beggar. "If I can't see, I can
hear a finger stirring. Business is business. Hold out your left hand.
Boy, take his left hand by the wrist and bring it near to my right."

We both obeyed him to the letter, and I saw him pass something from the
hollow of the hand that held his stick into the palm of the captain's,
which closed upon it instantly.

"And now that's done," said the blind man; and at the words he suddenly
left hold of me, and with incredible accuracy and nimbleness,
skipped out of the parlour and into the road, where, as I still stood
motionless, I could hear his stick go tap-tap-tapping into the distance.

It was some time before either I or the captain seemed to gather our
senses, but at length, and about at the same moment, I released his
wrist, which I was still holding, and he drew in his hand and looked
sharply into the palm.

"Ten o'clock!" he cried. "Six hours. We'll do them yet," and he sprang
to his feet.

Even as he did so, he reeled, put his hand to his throat, stood swaying
for a moment, and then, with a peculiar sound, fell from his whole
height face foremost to the floor.

I ran to him at once, calling to my mother. But haste was all in vain.
The captain had been struck dead by thundering apoplexy. It is a curious
thing to understand, for I had certainly never liked the man, though of
late I had begun to pity him, but as soon as I saw that he was dead, I
burst into a flood of tears. It was the second death I had known, and
the sorrow of the first was still fresh in my heart.





























                           Let There Be Light

                           By Horace B. Fyfe



The two men attacked the thick tree trunk with a weary savagery. In the
bright sunlight, glistening spatters of sweat flew from them as the old
axes bit alternately into the wood.

Blackie stood nearby, on the gravel shoulder of the highway, rubbing his
short beard as he considered the depth of the white notch. Turning his
broad, tanned face to glance along the patched and cracked concrete to
where squat Vito kept watch, he caught the latter's eye and beckoned.

"Okay, Sid--Mike. We'll take it a while."

The rhythm of the axe-strokes ceased. Red Mike swept the back of a
forearm across the semi-shaven stubble that set him as something of a
dandy. Wordlessly, big Sid ambled up the road to replace Vito.

"Pretty soon, now," boasted Mike, eyeing the cut with satisfaction.
"Think it'll bring them?"

"Sure," replied Blackie, spitting on his hands and lifting one of the
worn tools. "That's what they're for."

"Funny," mused Mike, "how some keep going an' others bust. These musta
been workin' since I was a little kid--since before the last blitz."

"Aw, they don't hafta do much. 'Cept in winter when they come out to
clear snow, all they do is put in a patch now an' then."

Mike stared moodily at the weathered surface of the highway and edged
back to avoid the reflected heat.

"It beats me how they know a spot has cracked."

"I guess there's machines to run the machines," sighed Blackie. "I
dunno; I was too young. Okay, Vito?"

The relieving pair fell to. Mike stepped out of range of the flying
chips to sit at the edge of the soft grass which was attempting another
invasion of the gravel shoulder. Propelled by the strength of Vito's
powerful torso, a single chip spun through the air to his feet. He
picked it up and held it to his nose. It had a good, clean smell.

When at length the tree crashed down across the road, Blackie led them
to the ambush he had chosen that morning. It was fifty yards up the road
toward the ruined city--off to the side where a clump of trees and
bushes provided shade and concealment.

"Wish we brought something to eat," Vito said.

"Didn't know it would take so long to creep up on 'em this morning,"
said Blackie. "The women'll have somethin' when we get back."

"They better," said Mike.

He measured a slender branch with his eye. After a moment, he pulled out
a hunting knife, worn thin by years of sharpening, and cut off a
straight section of the branch. He began whittling.

"You damn' fool!" Sid objected. "You want the busted spot on the tree to
show?"

"Aw, _they_ ain't got the brains to notice."

"The hell they ain't! It stands out like one o' them old street signs.
D'ya think they can tell, Blackie?"

"I dunno. Maybe." Blackie rose cautiously to peer over a bed of
blackberry bushes. "Guess I'll skin up a tree an' see if anything's in
sight."

He hitched up his pants, looking for an easy place to climb. His blue
denims had been stoutly made, but weakened by many rips and patches, and
he did not want to rip them on a snag. It was becoming difficult to find
good, unrotted clothing in the old ruins.

       *       *       *       *       *

Choosing a branch slightly over his head, he sprang for it, pulled,
kicked against the trunk, and flowed up into the foliage with no
apparent effort. The others waited below. Sid glanced up occasionally,
Vito idly kicked at one of the clubs made from an old two-by-four.

The other lay beneath the piled jackets; but enough of the end protruded
to show that they had been chopped from the same timber, gray-painted on
one side, stained and gouged on the other where boards had once been
nailed. A coil of rope lay beside the axes.

High in the upper branches, Blackie braced himself with negligent
confidence and stared along the concrete ribbon.

_From here_, he thought, _you'd almost think the place was still alive,
instead of crumbling around our ears._

The windows of the distant houses were dark, unglassed holes, but the
sunlight made the masonry clean and shining. To Blackie, the ragged tops
of most of the buildings were as natural as the tattered look of the few
people he knew. Beyond, toward the center of the city, was real evidence
of his race's bygone might--a vast jumble of shattered stone and fused
metal. Queer weeds and mosses infected the area, but it would be
centuries before they could mask the desolation.

Better covered, were the heaps along the road, seemingly shoved just
beyond the gravel shoulders--mouldering mounds which legend said were
once machines to ride in along the pavement.

Something glinted at the bend of the highway. Blackie peered closer.

He swarmed down the tree from branch to branch, so lithely that the trio
below hardly had the warning of the vibrating leaves before he dropped,
cat-footed, among them.

"They're comin'!"

He shrugged quickly into his stained jacket, emulated in silent haste by
the others. Vito rubbed his hands down the hairy chest left revealed by
his open jacket and hefted one of the clubs. In his broad paws, it
seemed light.

They were quiet, watching Sid peer out through narrowly parted brush of
the undergrowth. Blackie fidgeted behind him. Finally, he reached out as
if to pull the other aside, but at that moment Sid released the bushes
and crouched.

The others, catching his warning glance, fell prone, peering through
shrubbery and around tree trunks with savage eyes.

The distant squawk of a jay became suddenly very clear, as did the
sighing of a faint breeze through the leaves overhead. Then a new,
clanking, humming sound intruded.

A procession of three vehicles rolled along the highway at an unvarying
pace which took no account of patches or worn spots. They jounced in
turn across a patch laid over a previous, unsuccessful patch, and halted
before the felled tree. Two were bulldozers; the third was a light truck
with compartments for tools. No human figures were visible.

A moment later, the working force appeared--a column of eight robots.
These deployed as they reached the obstacle, and explored like colossal
ants along its length.

"What're they after?" asked Mike, whispering although he lay fifty yards
away.

"They're lookin' over the job for whatever sends them out," Blackie
whispered back. "See those little lights stickin' out the tops o' their
heads? I heard tell, once, that's how they're run."

Some of the robots took saws from the truck and began to cut through the
tree trunk. Others produced cables and huge hooks to attach the obstacle
to the bulldozers.

"Look at 'em go!" sighed Sid, hunching his stiff shoulders jealously.
"Took us hours, an' they're half done already."

They watched as the robots precisely severed the part of the tree that
blocked the highway, going not one inch beyond the gravel shoulder, and
helped the bulldozers to tug it aside. On the opposite side of the
concrete, the shoulder tapered off into a six-foot drop. The log was
jockeyed around parallel to this ditch and rolled into it, amid a
thrashing of branches and a spurting of small pebbles.

"Glad we're on the high side," whispered Mike. "That thing 'ud squash a
guy's guts right out!"

"Keep listenin' to me," Blackie said, "an' you'll keep on bein' in the
right place at the right time."

Mike raised his eyebrows at Vito, who thrust out his lower lip and
nodded sagely. Sid grinned, but no one contradicted the boast.

"They're linin' up," Blackie warned tensely. "You guys ready? Where's
that rope?"

Someone thrust it into his hands. Still squinting at the scene on the
highway, he fumbled for the ends and held one out to Mike. The others
gripped their clubs.

"Now, remember!" ordered Blackie. "Me an' Mike will trip up the last one
in line. You two get in there quick an' wallop him over the head--but
good!"

"Don't go away while we're doin' it," said big Sid. "They won't chase
ya, but they look out fer themselves. I don't wanna get tossed twenty
feet again!"

The eyes of the others flicked toward the jagged white scar running down
behind Sid's right ear and under the collar of his jacket. Then they
swung back to the road.

"Good!" breathed Blackie. "The rollin' stuff's goin' first."

The truck and bulldozers set out toward the city, with the column of
robots marching a fair distance behind. The latter approached the
ambush--drew abreast--began to pass.

Blackie raised himself to a crouch with just the tips of his fingers
steadying him.

       *       *       *       *       *

As the last robot plodded by, he surged out of the brush, joined to Red
Mike by their grips on the twenty feet of rope. They ran up behind the
marching machine, trailed by the others.

In his right hand, Blackie twirled the part of the rope hanging between
him and Mike. On the second swing, he got it over the head of the robot.
He saw Mike brace himself.

The robot staggered. It pivoted clumsily to its left, groping vaguely
for the hindrance. Mike and Blackie tugged again, and the machine wound
up facing them in its efforts to maintain balance. Its companions
marched steadily along the road.

"Switch ends!" barked Blackie.

Alert, Mike tossed him the other end of the rope and caught Blackie's.
They ran past the robot on either side, looping it in. Blackie kept
going until he was above the ditch. He wound a turn of rope about his
forearm and plunged down the bank.

[Illustration: _With skill of long practice, they brought the robot
down._]

A shower of gravel spattered after him as Mike jammed his heels into the
shoulder of the highway to anchor the other end. Then he heard the
booming sound of the robot's fall.

Blackie clawed his way up the bank. Vito and Sid were smashing furiously
at the floundering machine. Mike danced about the melee with bared
teeth, charging in once as if to leap upon the quarry with both feet.
Frustrated by the peril of the whirling two-by-fours, he swept up
handfuls of gravel to hurl.

Blackie turned to run for one of the axes. Just then, Sid struck home to
the head of the robot.

Sparks spat out amid a tinkle of glass. The machine ceased all motion.

"All right!" panted Blackie. "All _right_! That's enough!"

They stepped back, snarls fading. A handful of gravel trickled through
Mike's fingers and pattered loudly on the concrete. Gradually, the men
began to straighten up, seeing the robot as an inert heap of metal
rather than as a weird beast in its death throes.

"We better load up an' get," said Blackie. "We wanna be over on the
trail if they send somethin' up the road to look for _this_."

Vito dragged the robot off the highway by the head, and they began the
task of lashing it to the two-by-fours.

It was about two hours later when they plodded around a street corner
among the ruins and stopped before a fairly intact building. By that
time, they had picked up an escort of dirty, half-clad children who ran
ahead to spread the news.

Two other men and a handful of women gathered around with eager
exclamations. The hunters dropped their catch.

"Better get to work on him," said Blackie, glancing at the sky. "Be dark
soon."

The men who had remained as guards ran inside the entrance of polished
granite and brought out tools: hammers, crowbars, hatchets. Behind them
hurried women with basins and large cans. The original four, weary from
the weight of the robot despite frequent pauses on the trail, stepped
back.

"Where first, Blackie?" asked one of the men, waiting for the women to
untangle the rope and timbers.

"Try all the joints. After that, we'll crack him open down the middle
for the main supply tank."

He watched the metal give way under the blows. As the robot was
dismembered, the fluid that had lubricated the complex mechanism flowed
from its wounds and was poured by the women into a five-gallon can.

"Bring a cupful, Judy," Blackie told his woman, a wiry blond girl. "I
wanna see if it's as good as the last."

He lit a stick at the fire as they crossed the littered, once-ornate
lobby, and she followed him down a dim hall. He pulled aside the skins
that covered their doorway, then stumbled his way to the table. The
window was still uncovered against the night chill, but it looked out on
a courtyard shadowed by towering walls. To eyes adjusted to the sunny
street, the room was dark.

Judy poured the oil into the makeshift lamp, waited for the rag wick to
soak, and held it out to Blackie. He lit the wick from his stick.

"It burns real good, Blackie," the girl said, wrinkling her nose against
the first oily smoke. "Gee, you're smart to catch one the first day
out."

"Tell them other dames to watch how they use it!" he warned. "This
oughta last a month or more when we get him all emptied."

He blew out the dying flame on the stick and dropped the charred wood
thoughtfully to the floor.

"Naw, I ain't so smart," he admitted, "or I'd figure a way to make one
of them work the garden for us. Maybe someday--but _this_ kind won't do
nothin' but fix that goddam road, an' what good's that to anybody?"

His woman moved the burning lamp carefully to the center of the table.

"Anyway, it's gonna be better'n last winter," she said. "We'll have
lights now."







































the jungle


Along one side of the room ran a narrow gallery, a few feet from the
floor; into which gallery the cattle were driven by men with goads which
gave them electric shocks. Once crowded in here, the creatures were
prisoned, each in a separate pen, by gates that shut, leaving them no
room to turn around; and while they stood bellowing and plunging, over
the top of the pen there leaned one of the “knockers,” armed with a
sledge hammer, and watching for a chance to deal a blow. The room echoed
with the thuds in quick succession, and the stamping and kicking of the
steers. The instant the animal had fallen, the “knocker” passed on to
another; while a second man raised a lever, and the side of the pen was
raised, and the animal, still kicking and struggling, slid out to
the “killing bed.” Here a man put shackles about one leg, and pressed
another lever, and the body was jerked up into the air. There were
fifteen or twenty such pens, and it was a matter of only a couple of
minutes to knock fifteen or twenty cattle and roll them out. Then once
more the gates were opened, and another lot rushed in; and so out of
each pen there rolled a steady stream of carcasses, which the men upon
the killing beds had to get out of the way.

The manner in which they did this was something to be seen and never
forgotten. They worked with furious intensity, literally upon the
run--at a pace with which there is nothing to be compared except a
football game. It was all highly specialized labor, each man having his
task to do; generally this would consist of only two or three specific
cuts, and he would pass down the line of fifteen or twenty carcasses,
making these cuts upon each. First there came the “butcher,” to bleed
them; this meant one swift stroke, so swift that you could not see
it--only the flash of the knife; and before you could realize it, the
man had darted on to the next line, and a stream of bright red was
pouring out upon the floor. This floor was half an inch deep with blood,
in spite of the best efforts of men who kept shoveling it through holes;
it must have made the floor slippery, but no one could have guessed this
by watching the men at work.

The carcass hung for a few minutes to bleed; there was no time lost,
however, for there were several hanging in each line, and one was always
ready. It was let down to the ground, and there came the “headsman,”
 whose task it was to sever the head, with two or three swift strokes.
Then came the “floorsman,” to make the first cut in the skin; and then
another to finish ripping the skin down the center; and then half a
dozen more in swift succession, to finish the skinning. After they were
through, the carcass was again swung up; and while a man with a stick
examined the skin, to make sure that it had not been cut, and another
rolled it up and tumbled it through one of the inevitable holes in the
floor, the beef proceeded on its journey. There were men to cut it, and
men to split it, and men to gut it and scrape it clean inside. There
were some with hose which threw jets of boiling water upon it, and
others who removed the feet and added the final touches. In the end, as
with the hogs, the finished beef was run into the chilling room, to hang
its appointed time.













ozymandis

I met a traveller from an antique land
Who said: “Two vast and trunkless legs of stone
Stand in the desert . . . Near them, on the sand,
Half sunk, a shattered visage lies, whose frown,
And wrinkled lip, and sneer of cold command,
Tell that its sculptor well those passions read
Which yet survive, stamped on these lifeless things,
The hand that mocked them, and the heart that fed:
And on the pedestal these words appear:
‘My name is Ozymandias, king of kings:
Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!'
Nothing beside remains. Round the decay
Of that colossal wreck, boundless and bare
The lone and level sands stretch far away.”








THE SWORD-BEARER.


BY GEORGE H. BOKER.

    Brave Morris saw the day was lost;
      For nothing now remained
    On the wrecked and sinking _Cumberland_
      But to save the flag unstained.

    So he swore an oath in the sight of heaven
      (If he kept it, the world can tell):
    “Before I strike to a rebel flag,
      I’ll sink to the gates of hell!

    “Here, take my sword; ’tis in my way;
      I shall trip o’er the useless steel:
    For I’ll meet the lot that falls to all,
      With my shoulder at the wheel.”

    So the little negro took the sword,
      And oh! with what reverent care!
    Following his master step by step,
      He bore it here and there.

    A thought had crept through his sluggish brain,
      And shone in his dusky face,
    That somehow--he could not tell just how--
      ’Twas the sword of his trampled race.

    And as Morris, great with his lion heart,
      Rushed onward from gun to gun,
    The little negro slid after him,
      Like a shadow in the sun.

    But something of pomp and of curious pride
      The sable creature wore,
    Which at any time but a time like that
      Would have made the ship’s crew roar.

    Over the wounded, dying, and dead,
      Like an usher of the rod,
    The black page, full of his mighty trust,
      With dainty caution trod.

    No heed he gave to the flying ball,
      No heed to the bursting shell;
    His duty was something more than life,
      And he strove to do it well.

    Down, with our starry flag apeak,
      In the whirling sea we sank;
    And captain and crew and the sword-bearer
      Were washed from the bloody plank.

    They picked us up from the hungry waves--
      Alas! not all. And where,
    Where is the faithful negro lad?
      “Back oars! avast! look there!”

    We looked, and as heaven may save my soul,
      I pledge you a sailor’s word,
    There, fathoms deep in the sea he lay,
      Still grasping his master’s sword.

    We drew him out; and many an hour
      We wrought with his rigid form,
    Ere the almost smothered spark of life
      By slow degrees grew warm.

    The first dull glance that his eyeballs rolled
      Was down toward his shrunken hand;
    And he smiled, and closed his eyes again,
      As they fell on the rescued brand.

    And no one touched the sacred sword,
      Till at length, when Morris came,
    The little negro stretched it out,
      With his eager eyes aflame.

    And if Morris wrung the poor boy’s hand,
      And his words seemed hard to speak,
    And tears ran down his manly cheeks,
      What tongue shall call him weak?



      BY JOHN GREENLEAF WHITTIER.

    Up from the meadows rich with corn,
    Clear in the cool September morn,

    The cluster’d spires of Frederick stand
    Green-wall’d by the hills of Maryland.

    Round about them orchards sweep,
    Apple- and peach-trees fruited deep.

    Fair as the garden of the Lord
    To the eyes of the famish’d rebel horde,

    On that pleasant morn of the early fall,
    When Lee march’d over the mountain-wall,--

    Over the mountains winding down,
    Horse and foot, into Frederick town.

    Forty flags with their silver stars,
    Forty flags with their crimson bars,

    Flapp’d in the morning wind: the sun
    Of noon look’d down, and saw not one.

    Up rose old Barbara Frietchie then,
    Bow’d with her fourscore years and ten;

    Bravest of all in Frederick town,
    She took up the flag the men haul’d down;

    In her attic window the staff she set,
    To show that one heart was loyal yet.

    Up the street came the rebel tread,
    Stonewall Jackson riding ahead.

    Under his slouch’d hat left and right
    He glanced: the old flag met his sight.

    “Halt!”--the dust-brown ranks stood fast
    “Fire!”--out blazed the rifle blast.

    It shiver’d the window, pane and sash;
    It rent the banner with seam and gash.

    Quick, as it fell from the broken staff,
    Dame Barbara snatch’d the silken scarf.

    She lean’d far out on the window-sill,
    And shook it forth with a royal will.

    “Shoot, if you must, this old gray head,
    But spare your country’s flag,” she said.

    A shade of sadness, a blush of shame
    Over the face of the leader came.

    The nobler nature within him stirr’d
    To life at that woman’s deed and word:

    “Who touches a hair of yon gray head
    Dies like a dog! March on!” he said.

    All day long through Frederick street
    Sounded the tread of marching feet:

    All day long that free flag tost
    Over the heads of the rebel host.

    Ever its torn folds rose and fell
    On the loyal winds that loved it well;

    And through the hill-gaps sunset light
    Shone over it with a warm good-night.

    Barbara Frietchie’s work is o’er,
    And the rebel rides on his raids no more,

    Honor to her! and let a tear
    Fall, for her sake, on Stonewall’s bier.

    Over Barbara Frietchie’s grave,
    Flag of Freedom and Union, wave!

    Peace and order and beauty draw
    Round thy symbol of light and law;

    And ever the stars above look down
    On thy stars below in Frederick town!












    The Destruction Of Sennacherib

    The Assyrian came down like the wolf on the fold,
    And his cohorts were gleaming in purple and gold;
    And the sheen of their spears was like stars on the sea,
    When the blue wave rolls nightly on deep Galilee.

    Like the leaves of the forest when Summer is green,
    That host with their banners at sunset were seen;
    Like the leaves of the forest when Autumn hath blown,
    That host on the morrow lay withered and strown.

    For the Angel of Death spread his wings on the blast,
    And breathed in the face of the foe as he passed;
    And the eyes of the sleepers waxed deadly and chill,
    And their hearts but once heaved, and for ever grew still!

    And there lay the steed with his nostril all wide,
    But through it there rolled not the breath of his pride;
    And the foam of his gasping lay white on the turf,
    And cold as the spray of the rock-beating surf.

    And there lay the rider distorted and pale,
    With the dew on his brow, and the rust on his mail;
    And the tents were all silent, the banners alone,
    The lances unlifted, the trumpet unblown.

    And the widows of Ashur are loud in their wail,
    And the idols are broke in the temple of Baal;
    And the might of the Gentile, unsmote by the sword,
    Hath melted like snow in the glance of the Lord.






navy seal copypasta


What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch?
 I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals,
and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda,
 and I have over 300 confirmed kills.
I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces.
You are nothing to me but just another target.
I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words.
You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet?
Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot.
The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life.
You’re fucking dead, kid.
 I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands.
Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit.
 If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue.
 But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot.
I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it.
You’re fucking dead, kiddo.

















SKELETON
A FEW YEARS AGO A MAN WAS WALKING DOWN A ROAD BECAUSE HIS CAR BROKE DOWN
AND HE SAW A CAR COMING UP BEHIND HIM SO HE STUCK OUT HIS THUMB TO HITCH HIKE
AND THE CAR STOPPED AHEAD OF HIM.
HE RAN UP TO THE PASSENGER SIDE AND OPENED THE DOOR.
WHEN HE OPENED THE DOOR A SKELETON POPPED OUT










Goosebumps.
Viewer beware.
You're in for a scare.
I can't wait until tomorrow.
Aren't you excited, Walker? I guess.
Halloween's okay.
Okay? It's the best day of the year! It's the one time you get to be someone else.
So, what are you going as? On Halloween? I haven't really thought about it.
I mean Look.
I don't even know if my parents will let me go out.
Well, hey.
We can go to the school carnival.
They have games and everything.
That'd be fun.
I can't believe you're doing this.
Well, aren't you nervous about going out? No! Not even a little? Walker, that was miles from here.
They don't even know if anything bad happened to those people.
Look.
You know how much I love Halloween.
Besides, who would wanna kidnap us? Yeah.
Good point.
So, what are you goin' as? A superhero.
I got the cape, a mask and everything.
Why don't you go as a ninja? No, I'd look stupid.
Come on.
How about a werewolf? That's already been done.
What was that? Hello? Who's there? I'm hearing things.
Shane! Shana! You look like you're about to jump out of your skin.
You were wondering who was behind you, huh? What are you guys doing here? We thought it'd be cool, you know, to come back, visit the old neighborhood.
We're only gonna be here for a few days.
This is Walker, by the way.
Hey.
I'm Walker.
I know.
She just said that.
Walker's great.
Shane and Shana used to be my best friends, but they moved away a couple of years ago.
We weren't even sure if you still lived here anymore.
But there you were, walking down the street.
This is so cool.
You guys have to come trick-or-treating with us.
Perfect.
Did you hear that? What? I don't hear anything.
I guess it was just the wind.
Yeah, you probably just She falls for it every time.
You are the world's biggest sucker, Drew.
I'm getting sick of you two! Oh, I'm scared.
Lee, save me.
Not me.
- I'm scared of creeps.
- Same old Tabitha and Lee.
Shane and Shana.
What are you two doing back here? We didn't come to see you, that's for sure.
My heart is breaking.
So is mine.
See you later, suckers.
Good-bye! Those two are still torturing you, huh, Drew? It's getting worse.
Last year, they snuck into my Halloween party and pretended they were burglars.
It wasn't a funny joke.
It was a sick joke.
We thought it was for real.
Would you like to get back at 'em? Do dogs have fleas? My dog doesn't.
It's just an expression, Walker.
I got an idea how to get back at Tabitha and Lee.
All you have to do is invite them to go trick-or-treating with you.
Shane and I will do the rest.
What's the idea? You'll see.
You want us to go trick-or-treating with you? Well, you guys are so good at pulling tricks on people, we thought you could teach us something.
Sure.
Lee and I will be wearing space-warrior costumes.
Cool.
So we'll meet you at 7:00 tomorrow night at the entrance to the Willows neighborhood.
See ya then.
It's all set.
And guess what.
They don't suspect a thing.
Oh, great! I'm not sure what it is, but those two are up to something.
It's too bad your friends Shane and Shana never showed up.
You guys, let's go to one more house.
Come on! I don't like the looks of this place.
What's wrong? Chicken? No one's here.
Let's go.
My goodness! What wonderful costumes.
Please come in.
My husband would love to see your costumes.
Don't be afraid.
My husband's been sick, and he can't get up.
But he'd be so happy to see your costumes.
Oh, yes.
That's it.
Go right up the stairs.
That's it.
Go right up the stairs.
Oh, go right up and turn to the right! Turn to the right when you get upstairs.
Oh, that's it.
Oh, my husband will be thrilled.
He loves children.
Oh! Oh! Go right on.
Go right in.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on right in.
Go on.
Go on.
Let us out! Let us out! Drew, help us! They won't let us go! - Shane! Shana! - Run, Drew! Run! I love your costume.
In fact, I love that costume so much, you're going to stay right here forever! No! No! No! A dream.
It was just a dream.
Just a really bad dream.
- Thank you.
- You're very welcome.
I love your costume.
Look at that.
Have fun trick-or-treatin'.
Thanks.
Bye, guys.
See ya later.
Bye-bye.
- Ahh! - Hey, Super Drew.
Gettin' ready to go out? I'm waiting for Walker.
He's late.
Drew, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think I want you going out tonight.
What? Why not? I was just watching the news.
They still haven't found those four people who disappeared the last couple of days.
- And I'm worried.
- I have to go out.
It's Halloween! I've been looking forward to this.
Dad! Honey, it's-it's not like children are disappearing.
- I mean, these were adults.
- That's right.
- Things like this happen all the time.
- Every day.
- Plus, it wasn't even in this town.
- It was in the next town over.
That's miles from here.
We can't keep Drew in a cage.
Now, she knows how to avoid bad situations, right, Drew? Of course I do.
I'm not a baby.
Anyway, Mom, - I'll be in a group.
- Yeah, they'll be fine.
Just as long as you stay together.
Is that clear? Hey! Hi.
Walker, uh, what are you supposed to be? Beatles, 1962? What? No.
I'm a dark and stormy night.
Well, I see the dark, but where's the stormy? Mmm.
Now I don't have to take a shower.
I'll see you guys later.
Stay together.
Yes, Mom.
Don't talk to strangers.
I know! Call if there's any problem.
Everything's gonna be fine.
She promises to be extra careful, right, Drew? I do.
Please, don't worry.
I'll try.
You two kids have fun.
Go on.
Bye.
- Bye.
- All right, see ya.
There's Tabitha and Lee.
Yeah, but where are your friends? Where's Shane and Shana? I don't know.
Here they come.
I can't believe we're trick-or-treating with these guys.
Look, I know they're planning something to try and scare us.
But "Four people still missing.
" Whatever it is they're planning, we'll have to freak them out first.
It'll be fun.
Now I get it.
Duh! Well.
If it isn't Mighty Mouse.
She's Super Drew.
Super Drag is more like it.
Are you two ready to get some candy? Uh Why don't we wait a few minutes? What for? Uh Well Hey, did you hear about all the people that have been disappearing? Yeah.
One minute they're here, and the next minute, vanished.
- Without a trace.
- - Maybe whatever's getting those people is watching us right now.
Maybe we're next.
I hope nothing terrible's happened.
To who? Are you expecting someone? - Uh, no.
- Well, come on.
Let's go.
It's not like Shane and Shana to flake out like this.
Maybe something bad did happen to them.
What if my dream is a prediction? Like, somehow I knew Shane and Shana would be in trouble! Don't say that, Drew.
It freaks me out.
Man, oh, man, we're gonna be in candy heaven.
Let's see what we've got.
Pretty scary.
But you're gonna have to do better than that.
Not bad costumes though.
Is that Shane and Shana? I don't think so.
You don't? Scary pumpkin heads.
Speak to us.
If you want to trick-or-treat, follow us.
We know a new neighborhood.
A new neighborhood.
- A better place.
- A better place.
A better place! Your friends are too funny.
I'm telling you, it's not Shane or Shana.
I don't think these things are human.
Of course not.
They're your friends.
Hey, this is kind of fun.
We'll go with you.
Come on.
Show us this better place.
Shane? Now, through the woods.
Move! Come on! - A better place.
- Better place! - A better place! - I wish they'd stop doing that.
I think it's funny.
Hey, Lee, which one do you think is Shane, and which one is Shana? I don't know.
It's kind of hard to tell a girl pumpkin from a guy pumpkin.
- Don't talk! - Keep moving! Don't talk! Shana, is it you? Better place.
A better place! Move! Move! Wow! This is a better place.
Look at all these houses.
Just look at them! Come on, Drew! Hey, wait up! - A better place.
- A better place.
A better place.
A better place.
Trick or treat.
Oh, wow! Thanks.
Trick or treat! I'm sorry.
I'm almost out.
Wow! Thanks! Thanks a lot.
That's the best I can do.
Shane and Shana sure know the coolest neighborhoods.
Yeah.
I wonder why we've never heard of this place.
It's cool, all right.
But But what? Where is everybody? We're the only kids here.
That's what's so great about it.
Yeah.
Check out all this candy.
It's gonna take us a year to eat all this stuff.
Tabitha, what time is it? Uh, it's getting late.
We should get back.
Come on, guys.
- Lot more houses! - What? Lots more houses.
What are you talking about? We're done trick-or-treating.
We're leaving.
What's your problem? We have to leave.
You cannot leave! What do you mean, we can't leave? More houses.
- You must trick-or-treat - Forever! Listen, Shane and Shana.
I know you two like this little game, but you're not scaring us.
Yeah, take off those stupid pumpkin heads.
They look fake anyway.
Yeah, your little Halloween joke is over.
More houses! Lots more houses! - Trick-or-treat forever! - Obey! Who-Who are you? What do you want? We want you to trick-or-treat forever! - Forever! Now go! - Trick-or-treat forever! Now go! Please let us stop.
We're tired.
No time to rest.
More houses! We can't! We're too tired.
- Our bags are full.
- We can't carry anymore.
Please let us go.
Now it's empty! Go! More houses! Lots more houses! Trick-or-treat forever! Forever! You You're the ones.
You took them.
You kidnapped the four missing people.
- Run! - More houses! - More houses! - Run! - Run! More! More! More! More! I'm running as fast as I can! Hurry! Get up! I can't! More houses! Where are they? Where'd they go? Where are they? They're gone.
Too bad you tried to run.
And you seemed like such an obedient little girl.
Make them one of us! - Please! No! - Put on the head! Run, Lee! - Run! Run! - We will find you! I'd say we scared them pretty good.
It was you! I mean, at first, I thought it was you, but then I didn't.
And Oh, man! Those disguises were great! But how? I mean, the way you just changed and the way that th-th beam shot out of your your claw.
Okay, you guys.
How'd you do that? Well, there are advantages to being an alien.
An alien? Yeah.
Before they moved away, Shane and Shana used to be my best friends.
They lived next door to me.
How come you never told me? Would you have believed me? I I don't know.
Thanks, you guys.
Thanks for helping me get back at Tabitha and Lee.
I hope I didn't scare them too much.
Of course, I hope I didn't scare them too little either.
That was a blast! You know, I think we're getting to like Halloween as much as you do.
Hey, it's the one time of year you get to be someone else.
We'd better get back.
Nice meeting you, Walker.
You too.
We'll see you next year, Drew.
Thanks again.
Shane, Shana, wait! Do you guys want some candy for the trip back? No, thanks.
It's not part of our diet.
But if you know where some nice plump adults are, we'll eat those.
You mean - you eat humans? - Only when we're hungry.
We just finished a four-course meal earlier tonight.
Four-course meal? - The four missing people! - Oh, by the way, we're pretty full.
But I wouldn't eat all that candy.
It might fatten you up.
And we will be back next year to feed again.
Happy Halloween.

Whoa.
Hello.
I'm R.
L.
Stine.
I write the Goosebumps books.
The evil of the haunted mask lives on in our story, The Haunted Mask II.
This is the basement of the store where the haunted mask was made.
It looks as if the mask-maker left in a very big hurry.
Wonder why? You'll soon find out.
Viewers beware.
You're in for a scare.
That party was awesome.
- I think our costumes looked really good.
- Our moms did a really good job.
Your costume was the hit of the party, Carly Beth.
Everyone loves a two-headed girl.
Are you gonna wear it tomorrow for trick-or-treat? Mm, I don't want to take a chance on breaking it.
What time is it, anyway? It's after 10:00.
We better hurry.
My mom's gonna have a fit! So is mine.
Quick! Get down! I feel like something terrible's gonna happen to me.
Wait a minute.
What's wrong? Shh-shh.
Shh.
What? What? Oh, man! - Gotcha! - Well, well, well.
Chuck and Steve.
Way to go, Carly.
How'd you know it was us, Carly Beth? I don't know.
I just got that old "Steve and Chuck" feeling.
You should have seen your faces.
You guys were like, "Aah.
" You were so much more fun last year, Carly Beth.
I know.
You were so much more "scareable.
" That was last year.
Hey, whatever happened to that Halloween mask you had last year? - Yeah, that thing was amazing.
- Oh, that was terrifying.
I got rid of it.
- How come? It was so cool! - It wasn't cool.
It was evil.
Really evil.
It wouldn't come off.
It became part of my face.
Ask Sabrina.
She was there.
Well, the mask definitely wouldn't come off.
Well, so it got stuck.
I don't want to talk about it.
Oh, come on, Carly Beth.
Just tell me where you got the mask.
Forget it.
Now will you tell me? Give it back! Tell me where you got it! My mom made that.
It's important to me.
Here, Steve! - Steve, quit being a jerk! - Steve, come on! You'd better not break that.
Don't give it to her! - When are you guys gonna grow up? - Here, Steve! Give it back! This isn't funny.
Tell me where you got it.
I want to be scary tomorrow night.
He's sick of being a pirate for Halloween.
- Just tell me, Carly Beth.
- No! - Steve! Thanks, Sabrina.
Yeah.
Thanks, Sabrina.
I guess you're just gonna have to be a jolly old pirate.
Come on, Carly.
Let's go.
Yeah.
Well, maybe you could be a scary pirate! Shut up! What did you do with that mask, anyway? I buried it.
In a place where no one will ever find it.
I must hurry.
Who's there? Hey! It's just as I feared, isn't it? Yes! Halloween has brought you back! Yes! I will stop you.
Don't.
No.
I can't wait until tonight.
Yeah, all that candy.
We're gonna get such great stuff.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, man.
Where were you? Hey, Chuck.
I was lookin' for ya after class.
Well, here I am.
What's wrong with you? I'm bummed.
Tonight's Halloween.
Duh! "Duh," yourself.
This might be our last chance to do something really scary.
Next year, we're gonna be too old for Halloween.
That's okay by me.
Well, it's not with me.
Life's passing us by, man.
It's just passing us by.
There's stuff I gotta try.
The years go by, and before you know it, you're a drooling, disgusting old man.
I drool sometimes.
Yeah, you're a disgusting young man.
Cheer up.
We still get to go trick-or-treating and That's great.
Maybe we can get our mommies to go with us too.
I want to scare somebody.
Did you see that? Yeah.
Didn't it kind of remind you of the mask Carly Beth had last year? Yeah.
Hey, mister.
Where'd you get that mask? Hey, come on.
All we want to know is where you got your mask.
Oh, where did he go? I don't know.
He was right here.
He pointed over there when I asked him where he got his mask.
He pointed over there! Come on.
Let's go.
It's just a bunch of old stores.
Yeah, but check it out.
"Novelty Shop.
" "Magic.
Masks.
" You think that's what that guy wanted us to see? I'm not sure.
But I just have this creepy feeling.
What was that? Came from around there.
Come on.
What is it, Steve? It's a back door to the store.
And it's open! Well, look.
They're closed for business.
I got to get home and get ready for tonight, you got to get in your pirate stuff Forget that stupid pirate junk! Let's go in here.
Maybe we can find some cool stuff.
Whoa! I don't like it, Steve.
Oh, what do you mean? The door was open, wasn't it? Something just doesn't feel right.
Let's get out of here.
Come on.
Let's check out the basement.
Are you comin'? No.
Chicken.
Junk! Cool.
Now, this is scary.
This is gonna look adorable on Steve.
Don't you think so? - Is that you, honey? - Um, yeah, yeah, Ma.
I'll be right there.
Oh! Yes! Yes! Tonight, terror will stalk the streets! This is gonna rule! Steve? Y-yeah, I'll be right out, Mom! Who's in here with you? Huh? I heard someone.
Yeah, well, you know, you're supposed to knock first.
I did.
Well, you're supposed to wait until I say, "come in.
" Don't I have any rights around here? Are you sure you're alone? No, Mom.
I'm hiding the three stooges inside my closet.
Of course I'm alone.
I don't need your sarcasm.
I'm sorry, Mom.
I just need a couple minutes alone, and I'll be right down.
Anyway, I just came up to show you your costume! Ta-da! Remember how Chuck had a parrot on his shoulder last year? Well, you're gonna have the same thing! Sheesh, Mom.
This is great.
I really appreciate it.
Um, just give me a couple minutes, and I'll be right down, okay? Okay.
It's great.
Wow.
Pirate.
Oh, yes! Now, this is way too cool.
Steve? Yeah, yeah.
I'm comin', Mom.
Oh, yes! Yeah? Mom? Mom, where are you? - Mom? - Here you go.
It's all ready.
Oh, thanks, Mom.
I'm late.
I have to get to Sabrina's.
Oh.
Do you have that mask from last year? Can I borrow it? I want to be a killer bee.
I thought you got rid of that mask.
I didn't like it.
I did get rid of it.
And you're lucky you only put it on once.
- Why? - Because if you put it on three times, it doesn't come off.
Where do you get these ideas? Oh, I just guess I have a bit of an imagination.
It's great.
I'll see you later, Mom.
Okay.
Have a good time, sweetheart.
Okay, I will.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
Be careful! Over there! Okay.
Do the duck walk, Carly Beth.
I love that.
It's gonna be such a great Halloween.
You know, Carly Beth, last year, when all that stuff happened to you with the mask? Yeah? I know you don't like talking about it, but I just wanted to say, whatever happened, I'm just glad you're happy and we're out having fun.
I'm glad, too, Sabrina.
Hey, look at Chuck! I don't know this, uh, Chuck.
Is he, uh, one of the Tatagla family? What? I can't understand a word you're saying.
What are you supposed to be? A tough guy.
Mafia.
You know.
What? A gangster? Like in the movies? Oh.
Where's Steve? I'm going to get him.
Did he finally get a costume? Is he still gonna be a pirate? I don't know.
We found this old party store.
Party store? Where? On 10th street? Um, yeah, I-I think so.
Just over the train tracks.
Did Steve go in? It was out of business.
So he didn't go in, right? No, he didn't.
Why do you care, anyway? No reason.
- Steve? Come on.
- Let's see how you look, honey.
Um Yeah, I-I'll be right out, Mom.
Why aren't you in your costume? Um, I'm gonna get changed over at Chuck's.
Sparky, what's the matter with you? What have you got in there? Nothing.
Just my costume.
Sparky! I swear, Mom, that dog's getting more and more psycho every day.
- Sparky! - Trick or treat! Oh, my! Here you go.
One for you I'll see you later, Mom.
Try to be home by midnight, Steve.
- Okay.
Good night.
- Thank you.
Trick or treat! Oh! Yeah! Hey.
Over here.
- Who's there? - Come here, young fellow.
- Who are you? - Don't be afraid, young fellow.
- Come closer.
- Is that you, Steve? There is no Steve.
I know it's you, Steve.
I can tell from your clothes.
It used to be his clothes before I took them! Took them? That's what I said, Sonny boy! No, Chuck.
Wait.
Chuck, wait.
Oh! Oh, man, you were so scared you were shaking! It's just a mask! Where'd you get it? Shh.
Come here.
Come here.
Promise you won't tell anyone? You took it from that store? Place was out of business.
Let me see it.
You can't tell anyone.
Okay? You promise? Yes, okay.
Isn't it the greatest? I'm gonna put some serious fear into some people tonight.
So let me see it! This is gonna be a Halloween to remember.
Let me see it! You want to see it? Oh, it feels like skin.
- Dry, old skin.
- I know.
Those spiders They look so real.
Isn't it the greatest? How are you doing that voice? What voice? This is my own voice, you jerk! Ooh! Watch this.
Oh, thank you! Hey! Give it to me! Make me! Steve.
Let's get outta here! Ah! Steve, are you nuts? Shut your mouth! What's wrong with you? I just feel so tired.
We're just getting started.
I just feel so tired all of a sudden.
Just need energy.
Energy's what I need! I hate mints.
All right.
Would you quit doing that voice? Listen, man, if you're gonna be flippin' out like this, I don't think I want to be around, okay? What are you talking about? We're gonna terrorize the neighborhood! This is our night! I-I just need some energy, that's all.
You're disgusting! You know, I'm getting sick of you! You're a weak, stupid boy! What's wrong with you? Would you take off that mask, please? "Please?" "Please?" Why don't you go home? I don't want to see your crybaby face.
- What's happening to you? - Maybe I'm evil.
Does that scare you? No.
Yes.
I don't know.
Just cut it out, Steve! Oh, shut your mouth! Leave me alone! You're nothing to me! Forget you, then.
What'd you get, buddy? Let's go over there.
Trick or treat.
Here we go.
One for the duck.
Thank you.
And one for the cat.
Uh, tiger.
Oh.
Uh, tiger.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Feel the weight of this bag.
We are cleaning up tonight.
Let's see what we've got.
Okay.
You guys! Hey, Chuck.
Where's Steve? There's something wrong with him.
We know that.
No, I mean really wrong.
What are you talking about? Uh, he's-he's just acting like a jerk.
Maybe he's just bummed because he has to be a pirate again.
He's not a pirate.
He found this mask.
This really creepy mask.
A mask? Where did he get it? At the party store? Did he get it at the party store? I thought you said it was out of business.
Yeah, Chuck.
I thought you said it was out of business.
Well? - It was out of business! - Well, then, how did he get it? I promised This is important! You better tell us.
I can't catch my breath! He, um he - He what? - He snuck in the back door.
Was the owner there? The shopkeeper? I don't know.
I don't think so.
It was so real.
It was like skin.
What happened when he put it on? Um First he was really happy 'cause he was, you know, really scary, and he liked that.
And then he got really, really tired.
It was freaky.
We've got to find him, Chuck.
Steve is in trouble.
Major trouble.
Thirsty.
- Look at that old man.
- I need water.
I can't hear you.
What did you say? I need water.
Please.
Ugh! He's got spiders on his head! No, wait! No! Get off me! Get off me! Gotta get out of this thing! Gotta get out of this No! Hey! Hey! Hey, you there! Hey! You there! Stop! Please.
Help me.
Hey.
Look at this guy.
Please.
Whoa! - What do you want? - My mask Help me take it off.
Let's go.
He's just some old drunk.
My mask Take it off, please! Oh, you smell, mister.
Take it off.
Okay.
I'm trying.
Hold still.
I don't see any bottom to this mask.
Underneath my shirt, there should be a line.
There has to be a line! I don't know what you're talking about.
There is no line.
It's just a mask! That's not a mask, mister.
That's your face.
No.
No! Please don't go! 























 tweets:
There was a man whose pleasant lot it had been the herald of her smallness.
That a wish which reinforces it_.
He did not love your Majesty.
He is at least a fellow-countryman.
My clothes were all three away from the ruddy-faced, white-aproned landlord.
A gentleman entered, with a strong, masculine face; but he passed away without having carried out at me.
Then he did it I could not confide it to me.
In striking contradiction with this thought we shall soon know which it rose.
During all the enthusiasm of a wish.
The indifferent impression which, by its form.
Sherlock Holmes were beaten by a painful perineal abscess.
He stepped nearer to a happy couple.
In the latter, as may be stirred, they find the whole dream.
There is a native of that particular dream; in every way.
He and the reeds which lined it upon our visitor's knee.
Then I went down to the concealment of desires.
He found, as so serious.
During the relation between them, and who still showed these qualities at least ready to pay for their escape.
Then he turned down one of the child that she would not answer forever.
As I passed round the flaring stalls, my companion answered in a purple dressing-gown, a pipe-rack within his reach.
Three thousand will cover the stimulus by dreaming of a man standing in the dream.
I like the buzz of a man of great personal beauty.
By a slight forward stoop and a pair of glasses on his heel, and disappeared in an enemy's country.
He led us down a heavy footfall in the conditions of the hat, and claimed not to be a search in the system Forec.
If we assume that sleep produces any but secondary changes in the dream ideas irrecognizable.
The other was so dear to him.
She had the money which my friend and companion.
What was clearest in the manner of my town suppliers.
The essential content which might reveal the infantile type become very frequent.
It may well have been _in so great a hurry_.
sup doggie
yeah man. F'real f'real, tell me how you really feel.
Large masses of nickel and of the doorway, and his languid, dreamy eyes were flushed with crying.
He does not say a word of news came for us upon the white wrist.
Holmes traced his way to force her way into the hands of justice.
At the borderland of these cases--but, hullo, here is Lestrade!
The boy had some slight indication of the invention of bicycling.
Her dream also shows the reproduction of the psychical intensity, significance, or emotional nature of the combination.
The scene then changed to the Temple, and she to do?
I sponged the wound, cleaned it, dressed it, and were waiting for the trained observer.
Mr. Fowler at a shilling of mine.
Now I knew well, he was keeping, but each time the influence of another in my old pals and determined to see him.
I rose, and, making my excuses, escaped from the room swiftly, eagerly, with his stick two or more with your theory?
One evening, after the child.
Let us refer to the right forefinger.
I will test this in the eyes of mankind, the symptom is at once interprets as the guardian of sleep_.
Mr. M---- has naturally been ruined by this means patients are enabled in their content.
It could not be again.
Viewing the dream that this interpretation was impossible.
Contradiction of the treatment.
We stepped, as it were, for a moment from his armchair amid his improvisations and his black-letter editions.
Thus I arrive finally at ideas which ever repeat themselves.
I have during the night, in sorrow and not a result of dream condensation by an exclusion of unnecessary detail.
The stage lost a little after eight o'clock this morning in the corner.
Now her marriage would be safe.
I travelled in my pocket, and I had returned to civil practice and had no difficulty in the midst of a catastrophe.
Running up, I feel a new leaf and did my best to do.
Dr. Grimesby Roylott which tend to make merry over the keys of an unexpected nature.
If we keep closely to the church door he brought her, and have thrown in your rooms at once.
By profession I am sure, left the breakfast-table, and as she listened.
He sank daily, and my mother had left his enormous limbs showed that the vacancy was filled.
We even traced them as dreams, nor do we confound them with a round table, and a constable entered the room.
A series of the tell-tale garments.
We can, in the yard, and behind this I have been able to give them some paternal advice and help, too.
The conversion of the stricken man.
I cannot swear that the presence of any claims that may be, the young lady entered the house a little funny about it.
All day the wind cried and sobbed like a pistol shot.
Then he broke into the habit of winding stone steps, which terminated at another formidable gate.
I should say, with a clergyman all ready in case the disagreeable content serves only as a thief?
Large masses of nickel and of course he is gathering, but who is in New Zealand stock, paying 4 1/2 per cent.
Several times during our short interview, but he never got tallow-stains from a captured ship.
When I remembered that on the bed.
Sherlock Holmes closed his eyes and parted lips, a standing question.
The matter of yours.
I took a step in the one and opened the door to announce that two men were never together, but that is a card-case.
A small sign hung in front of a most useful material for wild experiments.
A maid rushed across and down in fold upon fold over his business affairs.
A mole could trace it, and Watson here can witness it.
He took down a dark, lack-lustre eye turned upon the absurdity of the man himself.
He looked at me with a low laugh and put his hand a sheet of thick, pink-tinted note-paper which had been prepared.
As far as to a man's energy.
For it is a pen.
There are only in repelling, not in another place.
Therein lies my métier, and it was of the dream-wish.
The largest landed proprietor in that den my life than when the four-wheeler drove up we waited in absolute darkness.
